-DRIVERS OFFENCES-

In the drivers' offences module for reports, the module will only accept data
regarding the offence details:
	incident description - text only
	investigation details - text only
	solution of the incident - text only
	action taken - text only
	suspension days - number of days
	plate number - number


	
	
-DRIVERS HISTORY OF TRANSACTIONS REPORT-

This Module shows the time-frame of the transactions (orders delivered) with the
following sections: 

	orders delivered: shows the details of the orders he delivered
	probably by a table with each order detail.
	
	total kilometers driven: show the total kilometers driven of a driver
	according to the total orders he delivered.
	
Clarifications:

	Since the module will only display data reports stated above, its source
	will be based on the delivered orders. From the delivery and the order
	deployment section, we will keep the records based from the individual
	counting of order deliveries from the truck's counter, from initial(deployment)
	to final(delivered), NOT AT THE END OF THE DAY.

	And in the Delivery, we will recommend to record the driver assigned in the truck
	since there are instances of drivers - trucks assignation interchange.



-INVENTORY OF TRUCK PARTS-

We would like to know if there an instance where there are multiple truck parts being
replaced at the same time.



-TRUCKS REPORT-

This module will display all of the reports from the trucks according to
specified sections below:

	history of truck transactions: this will display the list of orders
	with specified details in a time-frame.

	kilometers driven: shows the total kilometers driven based from the
	orders deployment section (delivered orders with kilometers driven).
	
	Consumption: not specified, how can we record the data of truck's fuel
	consumption? Do we have to add a data for the delivered order details?
	Or will it be based from the kilometers driven of a truck processed
	by a formula to know the measure of quantity the truck has consumed.
	
	specific location of truck parts replacements: this section will show the 
	replacements of the certain truck.